Hello my name is Mehdi Charouh, I’m the spokesman and one of the 4 pillars of our revolutionary product

From the dawn of time, humans have managed to break off their shell and explore the world, starting with
the invention of the wheel, sailing ships, aircrafts, automobiles…

All for one simple reason, communication.

Communication is the key for information exchange, studies have shown that the normal person
spends 50% ~ 80% of their day communicating with other people. 

Further more, people spend on average, about 3 hours on facebook and instagram; excluding
streaming services like youtube and netflix. And if we added apps like whatsapp to the mix,
the numbers can be frightly higher.

You see, RAM at the time of writing this; offers 209 weekly flights, 20,203 of seats 
at a 93.8% capacity, roughly 20k people travel weekly, 20K!!! That’s the capacity of
a grand slam stadium!

These People spend on average 6 hours on air, that’s 120k Hours of time spent not communicating!
That is a gap we just had to fill…


We here at RAMY offer the solution to this everlasting problem.
With Ramy we assure that your passengers experience the best of what RAM can offer,
from shared entertainment, private and public chat channels


What is RAMY?
RAMY is a social platform that offers entertainment and a revolutionary/ robust method
of information exchange. 

We provide a shared entertainment system to allow people to experience the broad selection
of movies in a “Watch along” channel with chat bubbles; creating the feel of being in a cinema,
only thousands of miles in the air.

Not only that, but for our competitive folks, we not only provide mini games to pass the time,
but also the opportunity to face other players in either solo or tournament mode on
the same plane from a selection of games we provide, creating an arcade for people across all ages.


Some of the problems flight attendants face is the repetitive questions or requests the customers ask,
wasting time and resources in the process, but with RAMY, the flight attendants will have
a general idea about the request by using our shared channels where the costumer can either
select between FAQ with already provided answers; or to directly voice their request and receiving
service faster with a click of a button.


RAMY. Your social life shouldn’t stop at the gates.